content/getting_started/_index.md, before:

+++
title = "Getting Started"
date = 2019-08-27T07:16:47-07:00
weight = 3
chapter = true
pre = "<b>1. </b>"
+++

## Chapter 1

## Account Creation  

- UCLA Dataverse is available UCLA affiliated researchers, faculty, staff and students.   

### You will need only:
- A Shibboleth using a UCLA ID
- See UCLA Identity and Accounts Manager:  https://accounts.iam.ucla.edu/#/
- Contact DSC for assistance

### What Happens When I Leave UCLA?
- When you are no longer affiliated with UCLA [fill in the answer here]


### Logging into Dataverse
- Log in at https://dataverse.ucla.edu/
- Click the “Log In” link in the navbar.
![Dataverse Login screen](images/dataverse_login1b.jpg "Dataverse Login")
- UCLA uses an Institutional Log-in. Choose “University of California, Los Angeles”  
![Dataverse Login screen](images/dataverse_login2b.png "Dataverse Login")
- Users will __not__ be using the account creation options since they should have a UCLA account before they are accessing our Dataverse.
![Dataverse Login screen](images/dataverse_login3b.png "Dataverse Login")

### Logging in the first time  
- To edit your account after you have logged in:  
1. click on your account name in the header on the right hand side and click on Account Information. 
![Account Information](images/account-info.png "Account Information")
2. On the top right of your account page, click on the “Account” button and
![Edit Account](images/dataverse_login4b.png "Edit Account")
3. From there you can select to edit either your Account Information or your Account Password.  
4. Select “Save Changes” when you are done.   

### Resetting your Password


## Chapter 2
### Creating Your Dataverse or Dataset: What's the Difference

### Dataverse Management
![Create a Dataverse](images/new-dataverse.png "Create a Dataverse")

### Dataset and File Management
![Create a Dataset](images/new-dataset01.png "Create a Dataset")
![Add files to Dataset](images/new-dataset03.png "Add files to Dataset")

Commit message:

edit and correct password reset information.

content/getting_started/_index.md, after:

+++
title = "Getting Started"
date = 2019-08-27T07:16:47-07:00
weight = 3
chapter = true
pre = "<b>1. </b>"
+++

## Chapter 1

## Account Creation  

- UCLA Dataverse is available UCLA affiliated researchers, faculty, staff and students.   

### You will need only:
- A Shibboleth using a UCLA ID
- See UCLA Identity and Accounts Manager:  https://accounts.iam.ucla.edu/#/
- Contact DSC for assistance

### What Happens When I Leave UCLA?
- When you are no longer affiliated with UCLA [fill in the answer here]


### Logging into Dataverse
- Log in at https://dataverse.ucla.edu/
- Click the “Log In” link in the navbar.
![Dataverse Login screen](images/dataverse_login1b.jpg "Dataverse Login")
- UCLA uses an Institutional Log-in. Choose “University of California, Los Angeles”  
![Dataverse Login screen](images/dataverse_login2b.png "Dataverse Login")
- Users will __not__ be using the account creation options since they should have a UCLA account before they are accessing our Dataverse.
![Dataverse Login screen](images/dataverse_login3b.png "Dataverse Login")

### Logging in the first time  
![Logging in the first time](images/account-info1.png "Logging in the first time")  
1. Verify your email
2. UCLA Dataverse accounts are institutional accounts. Account information cannot be edited when logged in through an institutional account.  Please contact UCLA Dataverse Support (https://dataverse.ucla.edu/dataverseuser.xhtml?selectTab=accountInfo#) for assistance.

### Resetting your Password: UCLA Login
- If you are using your **UCLA Login (email)** you will need to reset your password through the **UCLA IT Support Center**: <https://www.it.ucla.edu/iamucla/reset-password>

### Resetting your Password: Other Accounts
- For all other accounts: If you cannot remember this password, click on Log In in the top right corner of any page and click the “Forgot Password?” link below where you would enter your username/email and password. Enter your email address and click “Submit Password Request” to receive an email with a link to reset your password.  

- Also, please note that if you have forgotten your username, you can use this same process to receive your username in an email.  

## Chapter 2
### Creating Your Dataverse or Dataset: What's the Difference

### Dataverse Management
![Create a Dataverse](images/new-dataverse.png "Create a Dataverse")

### Dataset and File Management
![Create a Dataset](images/new-dataset01.png "Create a Dataset")
![Add files to Dataset](images/new-dataset03.png "Add files to Dataset")
